AutoMapper update (#306)
janephp/janephp: documentation/components/AutoMapper.rst

Type casting
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This component will try to correctly map scalar values (going from int to string, etc).

Implementation
--------------

Default implementation use code generation for mapping, it reads once the metadata needed to build the mapper then write PHP code, after this, no metadata reading or analysis is done, only the generated mapper is used.

This allow for very fast mapping, here is some benchmarks using the library:

* `travis-ci.org/idr0id/php-mappers-benchmarks/builds/361253808?utm_source=github_status&utm_medium=notification`_
* `travis-ci.org/php-serializers/ivory-serializer-benchmark`_

.. _`travis-ci.org/idr0id/php-mappers-benchmarks/builds/361253808?utm_source=github_status&utm_medium=notification`: https://travis-ci.org/idr0id/php-mappers-benchmarks/builds/361253808?utm_source=github_status&utm_medium=notification
.. _`travis-ci.org/php-serializers/ivory-serializer-benchmark`: https://travis-ci.org/php-serializers/ivory-serializer-benchmark

And here is an `example of generated code`_

.. _`example of generated code`: https://gist.github.com/joelwurtz/7ee48dd768f6d39ccc78d6ab7bdea22a

Bundle
------

> With this component, we made a Bundle to allow a quick integration with Symfony.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component ships a Bundle to allow a quick integration with Symfony.
```

To use it, you just have to add the main bundle class to your ``config/bundles.php`` file::

    return [
        // ...
        Jane\AutoMapper\Bundle\JaneAutoMapperBundle::class => ['all' => true],
    ];

Then configure the bundle to your needs, for example:

.. code-block:: yaml

    jane_auto_mapper:
      autoregister: true
      mappings:
        - source: Jane\AutoMapper\Bundle\Tests\Fixtures\User
          target: Jane\AutoMapper\Tests\Fixtures\UserDTO
          pass: DummyApp\UserConfigurationPass

Possible fields:

> * ``normalizer`` (default: ``false``):  A boolean which indicate if we inject the AutoMapperNormalizer ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``normalizer`` (default: ``false``):  A boolean which indicate if we inject the AutoMapperNormalizer;
```

Inject where?

> * ``cache_dir`` (default: ``%kernel.cache_dir%/automapper``): This settings allows you to customize the output directory for generated mappers ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``cache_dir`` (default: ``%kernel.cache_dir%/automapper``): This settings allows you to customize the output directory for generated mappers;
```

> * ``mappings``: This option allows you to customize Mapper metadatas, you have to specify ``source`` and ``target`` data types and related configuration using ``pass`` field. This configuration should implements ``Jane\AutoMapper\Bundle\Configuration\ConfigurationPassInterface``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``mappings``: This option allows you to customize Mapper metadata, you have to specify ``source`` and ``target`` data types and related configuration using ``pass`` field. This configuration should implements ``Jane\AutoMapper\Bundle\Configuration\ConfigurationPassInterface``.
```

Normalizer Bridge
-----------------

> A normalizer Bridge is available where its goal is to be 100% feature compatible with the ObjectNormalizer of the ``symfony/serializer`` component. The goal of this bridge **is not to replace the ObjectNormalizer** but rather providing a very fast alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Normalizer Bridge is available, aiming to be 100% feature compatible with the ObjectNormalizer of the ``symfony/serializer`` component. The goal of this bridge **is not to replace the ObjectNormalizer** but rather providing a very fast alternative.
```

As shown in the benchmark above, using this bridge leads up to more than 8x speed increase in normalization.

Future consideration
--------------------

Things that could be done later:

* symfony/form bridge for mapping request data to object
* symfony/validator integration:

PHP 7.4 may give a problem to the symfony/validator component where typed properties can be problem, given a class like this::

    class Foo {
        /** @Assert\NotNull() */
        public int $foo;
    }

> An user may send a null value (in a form by example or json), and PHP will raise an error before the validation, since the validation occurs on the mapped object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An user may send a null value (in a form by example or JSON), and PHP will raise an error before the validation, since the validation occurs on the mapped object.
```

This component can help resolving this case with the actual behavior:

- Create a dummy class with the same properties as Foo but without type checking
- Mapping user data to this dummy class (using the automapper component)
- Validating this dummy class with the metadata from the Foo class
- Mapping the dummy object to the foo class (using the automapper component)

> Feel free to challenge as much as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to challenge as much as possible.
```
